update (#11)
monterey-ai/docs: public-portal.mdx

![publicVoting](https://monterey-documentation-gifs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/publicVoting.gif)

**Set up Public voting board**

> Go to **[Public voting board page](https://app.monterey.ai/w/cl5b6pdc45011ebfde64e4qkf/settings/voting-board)** in setting. Follow the guide to create your customized voting board with your domain name, company name, colors, and logos. Once you click “Create”, a new section called “Enable public voting board” will appear and be enabled. Under this section, there will be a button labeled “Go to voting board”. Clicking on this button will take you to your public voting board. This is a page that you can share with your users.

Reviewer: Change `in setting` to `in settings`.

```suggestion
Go to **[Public voting board page](https://app.monterey.ai/w/default/settings/voting-board)** in settings. Follow the guide to create your customized voting board with your domain name, company name, colors, and logos. Once you click “Create”, a new section called “Enable public voting board” will appear and be enabled. Under this section, there will be a button labeled “Go to voting board”. Clicking on this button will take you to your public voting board. This is a page that you can share with your users.
```

> **[](https://docs.monterey.ai/public-portal#roadmap)Roadmap**

Reviewer: If you want this to be a link, then move `Roadmap` inside the brackets

```suggestion
**[Roadmap](https://docs.monterey.ai/public-portal#roadmap)**
```
